refactor(module/appgw): Refactor module Application Gateway and adjust examples (#345)
PaloAltoNetworks/terraform-azurerm-vmseries-modules: modules/appgw/.header.md

  for_each = var.appgws

  name                = each.value.name
  public_ip_name      = each.value.public_ip_name
  resource_group_name = local.resource_group.name
  location            = var.location
  subnet_id           = module.vnet[each.value.vnet_key].subnet_ids[each.value.subnet_key]

  managed_identities = each.value.managed_identities
  capacity           = each.value.capacity
  waf                = each.value.waf
  enable_http2       = each.value.enable_http2
  zones              = each.value.zones

  frontend_ip_configuration_name = each.value.frontend_ip_configuration_name
  listeners                      = each.value.listeners
  backend_pool                   = each.value.backend_pool
  backends                       = each.value.backends
  probes                         = each.value.probes
  rewrites                       = each.value.rewrites
  rules                          = each.value.rules
  redirects                      = each.value.redirects
  url_path_maps                  = each.value.url_path_maps

  ssl_global   = each.value.ssl_global
  ssl_profiles = each.value.ssl_profiles

  tags       = var.tags
  depends_on = [module.vnet]
}
```

> Below there are provided sample values for `appgws` map (in comments you can find also commands to create SSL/TLS certificats, if required):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are sample values for `appgws` map (in comments you can find also commands to create SSL/TLS certificates, if required):
```

> ```hcl

Reviewer: IMHO the previous README was better :D you not only had examples, but they had some introduction and comments. Now we only have a huuuuge block of code. For someone who's new to this module/terraform, it can be unreadable and discouraging :) 

I know the previous README was long, but this change is for worst IMO :D

Author: I rebuild the README, but I don't want to repeat all properties, which are in tables below examples. 
Please let me know, if that changed README is acceptable.

# Palo Alto Networks Virtual Network Gateway Module for Azure

A terraform module for deploying a Virtual Network Gateway and its components required for the VM-Series firewalls in Azure.

## Usage

> For usage refer to variables description, which include example for complex map of objects.

Reviewer: woah, where is the whole documentation? examples? config snippets, etc?

Reviewer: this is a complex module, I wouldn't drop it

Author: For VNG we don't have dedicated example, that's why I was putting in in `.header.md`. 
For Application Gateway we have a lot of examples, in which it's used, but if you want, I can prepare example for that, but I don't like this idea a lot - in future every time we need to remember not only about updating each example, but also `.header.md`.
